A New Job
The Boss
2308/08/28

I was contacted about a job the other day, and you were the first one that came to mind.
It's a complete shitshow of a situation, but I figure you can handle it. You'll need a
little backstory.

Back in 2020, there was a cult named the "Scion of Israel". These guys apparently tended
to keep to themselves. They didn't accept converts from outside the families of 
their members, as they believed that anyone not born in to their whackjob operation
was "forever unclean". They lived in a bunker they built, isolated from all 
outside society.

They all followed this guy who called himself "The Leader". A real piece of work. 
This guy was seriously in to all this cult crap. Either that or he was just in 
to having control over all these brainwashed followers.

Anyway, eventually this guy gets in some sort of trouble with the law, and like the
law usually do they started knocking around and sticking their noses in. So this
leader guy gathers up his followers and tells them that they are being persecuted
like Jesus was, and that this is God's test for them. Usual cult shit.

So they all hole up in the bunker and seal up every entrance and window. Hell, I read
one guy that said they even clogged up the toilet in case they sent something in that way.

I bet you're wondering what the hell 300 year old history could have to do with the job.
See, hat I told you is pretty much all that's known. All the records dry up after that.
The client wants more than anything to know what the hell did happen. I don't know why
she would want to know that. I didn't ask. And remember, this is about 50 years before
immortality was discovered, so they're most likely all dead now.

Here's where you come in. They had a computer system in this place. I didn't even know
they had computers back then, but apparently they did. Thing is, nobody knows how to
access these things anymore. They aren't compatible with even the oldest holographic
displays. I figure you could get it sorted though. You're the only guy I know who still
uses that "terminal" shit.

The client gave me this info to pass on to you.

"I've connected the system to the network so you can connect to it on 
the ip address '217.78.1.159' . There is one unsecured user on the system with the
username 'mabel'. Use the command 'download' once you're in to download all the
files and exit the session".

I hope you can make any sense of that because I can't. Still, she's offered damn big 
money for this info, so you better figure something out.

